0Chancellor, I know you're busy, but I'd like to apply to the Republic's legal council to sue my ex-wife for shitting on my spaceship.
1Did you know that every one of your choices has consequences? Except me.
2I can sell you the next generation technologies. Your army will be twice as strong. At a reasonable price, and on the condition that we keep chaos out of other galaxies.
3Evil can lead you to victory, Mr. Chancellor. It seems you need my help.
4The Chancellor has entrusted me to be at your side for a period of bright order. All for your safety.
5I sense the resurrection of an old enemy. He may be rallying the underground gangs. Mondolora could be in danger.
6We're fighting viruses from your space dump. Your Republic owes us help.
7I ask the Republic to surrender the pure mestar that it has wrongfully seized.
8Your wars have spread to the net planet. We are against the Republic and the separatists.
9My son Rotta has been kidnapped and I will support the side that brings my son back. I know you want our support on the hippodrome, think well, Chancellor.
10There is a diabolical plan against the light! I have proof, I can prove everything I say in every way! The proof is here, in our heads, in all of us, in every clone!
11It may be out of line, but we demand that Strong General Pang Knall be tried as a 501st Legion for betraying his troops during the battle of Umboro.
12It is clear that the separatists made a deal with the Trade Federation. Senators and Chancellor! In response to this direct threat to the Republic, I propose that the Senate immediately decide to stop borrowing from the Trade Federation!
13The people of Tartarus have been hit hard by wars and embargoes. Will the Republic help its friends or has it forgotten its friends?
14I would like to take on the task of investigating corruption in the Trade Federation myself. I can get information from my old friends.
15Why don't you want your chancellery to be given emergency powers? Are you afraid? You didn't manage the chaos well, Chancellor. Experienced people need to take that seat.
16You may not be listening to me, but a new slave empire is in the making and you must take precautions.
17I'm putting the mystic stones in my collection. You can be forgiven if you hand them over, Chancellor. Are you handing them over or will we have to take them by force?
18Withdraw from Genoa and we will release your soldiers we have taken hostage.
19Sir, the Aldoran representative Ograna wants to talk to you about the trade federation's distrust of the republic. He says it is urgent.
20I deal in carpets, rugs and travel. Would you like to buy carpets?
21You and the seneto are undoing the efforts of the clone soldiers and the generals of light. Our allegiance is to the Republic, but the Senate is prolonging the chaos. I have a bad feeling about this.
22You are supposed to oversee the people, you are supposed to think about the good of the people. I am not criticizing you, but the people need to be taken more seriously, Mr. Chancellor.